CO2 Emissions and Trends; Continent and Country level case study  

Introduction: 
Planet earth is experiencing tremendous global climate change effects in forest fires, droughts, floods, and extreme weather conditions. These impacts are mainly associated with increased carbon dioxide, methane, and other greenhouse gases in our atmosphere caused by human activities.
According to the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the largest source of greenhouse gas emission in the United States is mainly energy usage, in terms of burning fossil fuels for electricity, heat, and transportation. The rise in energy-related CO2 emissions has pushed greenhouse gas emissions from energy to their highest level in 2021.
This case study presents global trends in net CO2 emission across different continents over time.  

2- Aims and objectives 
Under the assumption that CO2 indicators in the atmosphere result from energy-related factors, this study aims to analyze periodic changes in CO2 emissions by different countries. Moreover, our objective was to examine the statistical relationship between potential factors responsible for GHG emissions, such as energy consumption and per capita CO2 production by each country. 

In our project, we studied the following key points

I.	Examination of significant increases and decreases in CO2 emission by countries from 2000 to 2018.
II.	The relationship between population and CO2 emission
III.	The relationship between CO2 and GDP
IV.	Spatial analysis f countries by CO2 emissions
V.	Comparisons of top 3 countries per continent, compare across continents

3- Significance of the study 


4- Methodology 

Data source:  GitHub 
Pre-processing: 
1-	Filtration --- the number of countries, number of observations
Parameters, times series 
2-	Data -wrangling - --Missing values and imputation 

Data visualization and analysis 
1-	Questions, statistical output 
2-	Interpretation and predictions --- descriptive analysis, country and continent level comparison 



5-Resuls and Analysis  

6- Discussion 

